Added mention about the password change on Ibexa Cloud (#2818)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/content_management/data_migration/importing_data.md

[[= include_file('code_samples/data_migration/examples/create_user.yaml') =]]
```

> You can also update users, including changing the user password:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also update user information, including passwords:
```
